edi_state_oca/README.rst, before:

=========
EDI state
=========

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:6944156ef488d89cb23d5f24120c45b82436007c868afe282b97465659a99604
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fedi--framework-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/14.0/edi_state_oca
    :alt: OCA/edi-framework
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/edi-framework-14-0/edi-framework-14-0-edi_state_oca
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/edi-framework&target_branch=14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Technical module for the EDI suite to provide additional states for any records.

Example: a SO is generated via UBL file and you want to provide an ORDRSP with the right state on the order and on each line.

It provides 2 new models:

* EDI state workflow

    * groups states together
    * limit states to a specific model

* EDI state

    * describe the state of the record

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to "EDI -> Config -> States" and configure workflow and states.
Go to "EDI -> Config -> EDI Exchange Type" and enable 1 or more workflow on a given type.

Usage
=====

Add the mixin `edi.state.consumer.mixin` to the model that will use states.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* automatized state transitions (via domain and / or code snippet)

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues/new?body=module:%20edi_state_oca%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-simahawk| image:: https://github.com/simahawk.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/simahawk
    :alt: simahawk

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-simahawk| 

This module is part of the `OCA/edi-framework <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/14.0/edi_state_oca>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] edi_state_oca: Migration to 16.0

edi_state_oca/README.rst, after:

=========
EDI state
=========

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0206df0a7c89df4926c341c287353375fac2fedf6ac3996f892bed199774261d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fedi--framework-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_state_oca
    :alt: OCA/edi-framework
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/edi-framework-16-0/edi-framework-16-0-edi_state_oca
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/edi-framework&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Technical module for the EDI suite to provide additional states for any records.

Example: a SO is generated via UBL file and you want to provide an ORDRSP with the right state on the order and on each line.

It provides 2 new models:

* EDI state workflow

    * groups states together
    * limit states to a specific model

* EDI state

    * describe the state of the record

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to "EDI -> Config -> States" and configure workflow and states.
Go to "EDI -> Config -> EDI Exchange Type" and enable 1 or more workflow on a given type.

Usage
=====

Add the mixin `edi.state.consumer.mixin` to the model that will use states.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* automatized state transitions (via domain and / or code snippet)

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues/new?body=module:%20edi_state_oca%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>
* Duong (Tran Quoc) <duongtq@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 14.0 to 16.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-simahawk| image:: https://github.com/simahawk.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/simahawk
    :alt: simahawk

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-simahawk| 

This module is part of the `OCA/edi-framework <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_state_oca>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
