edi_record_metadata_oca/README.rst, before:

===================
EDI record metadata
===================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:eccfca38697f1cc502a8d72ce71bbe795bcff84c168919f35ba5ba3dd0c6ccd6
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fedi--framework-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/14.0/edi_record_metadata_oca
    :alt: OCA/edi-framework
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/edi-framework-14-0/edi-framework-14-0-edi_record_metadata_oca
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/edi-framework&target_branch=14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Technical module for the EDI suite to provide a way to store some technical data.

For instance, you receive a sale order via EDI and you want to store some original values from the incoming file
without having to parse again the whole file or compute values that you need later to compite something else.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Get / set metadata
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

On a `edi.exchange.record`:

    exc_record.set_metadata({...})
    exc_record.get_metadata()


Automatically store metadata from consumer records
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Make sure your model inherits from `edi.exchange.consumer.mixin`
* Override `_edi_get_metadata_to_store`

NOTE: automatic storage happens only when `create` gets called in an EDI framework session (`edi_framework_action` is in ctx).

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues/new?body=module:%20edi_record_metadata_oca%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-simahawk| image:: https://github.com/simahawk.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/simahawk
    :alt: simahawk

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-simahawk| 

This module is part of the `OCA/edi-framework <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/14.0/edi_record_metadata_oca>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] edi_record_metadata_oca: Migration to 16.0

edi_record_metadata_oca/README.rst, after:

===================
EDI record metadata
===================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:863f1cccc27f110a46850deea0229a7829995d05f564d7b462e8240c308f951d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fedi--framework-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_record_metadata_oca
    :alt: OCA/edi-framework
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/edi-framework-16-0/edi-framework-16-0-edi_record_metadata_oca
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/edi-framework&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Technical module for the EDI suite to provide a way to store some technical data.

For instance, you receive a sale order via EDI and you want to store some original values from the incoming file
without having to parse again the whole file or compute values that you need later to compite something else.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Get / set metadata
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

On a `edi.exchange.record`:

    exc_record.set_metadata({...})
    exc_record.get_metadata()


Automatically store metadata from consumer records
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Make sure your model inherits from `edi.exchange.consumer.mixin`
* Override `_edi_get_metadata_to_store`

NOTE: automatic storage happens only when `create` gets called in an EDI framework session (`edi_framework_action` is in ctx).

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues/new?body=module:%20edi_record_metadata_oca%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>
* Duong (Tran Quoc) <duongtq@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 14.0 to 16.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-simahawk| image:: https://github.com/simahawk.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/simahawk
    :alt: simahawk

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-simahawk| 

This module is part of the `OCA/edi-framework <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_record_metadata_oca>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
