edi_sale_oca/README.rst, before:

=========
EDI Sales
=========

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:a15a65af9b9ffa6808d4901942982eb8467aa13f7c1ac65c07f8751ccbceeff7
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fedi--framework-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_sale_oca
    :alt: OCA/edi-framework
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/edi-framework-16-0/edi-framework-16-0-edi_sale_oca
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/edi-framework&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Inbound
~~~~~~~
Receive sale orders from EDI channels.

Control sale order confirmation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can decide if the order should be confirmed by exchange type.

On your exchange type, go to advanced settings and add the following::

    [...]
    components:
        process:
            usage: input.process.sale.order
    [...]
    sale_order:
        default_confirm_order: true


TODO: shall we add an exchange type example as demo?

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues/new?body=module:%20edi_sale_oca%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>
* Duong (Tran Quoc) <duongtq@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 14.0 to 16.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-simahawk| image:: https://github.com/simahawk.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/simahawk
    :alt: simahawk

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-simahawk| 

This module is part of the `OCA/edi-framework <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_sale_oca>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] edi_sale_oca: Refactor code for passing all configurations via env_ctx
The configurations here are values for the wizard and whatever we need

edi_sale_oca/README.rst, after:

=========
EDI Sales
=========

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:fb52928e31a51155acf8913e3bded99f8f488dc78beadcf8d6e35bb1f29b1bae
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fedi--framework-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_sale_oca
    :alt: OCA/edi-framework
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/edi-framework-16-0/edi-framework-16-0-edi_sale_oca
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/edi-framework&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Inbound
~~~~~~~
Receive sale orders from EDI channels.

Control sale order confirmation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can decide if the order should be confirmed by exchange type.

On your exchange type, go to advanced settings and add the following::

    [...]
    components:
        process:
            usage: input.process.sale.order
        env_ctx:
                # Values for the wizard
                default_confirm_order: true
                default_price_source: order
                # Custom keys, whatever you need
                random_one: true

Note that `env_ctx` will propagate all keys to the whole env so you can use it
for any kind of context related configuration. In the case of the sale order import wizard
here we are just passing defaults as we could do in odoo standard.

TODO: shall we add an exchange type example as demo?

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/issues/new?body=module:%20edi_sale_oca%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>
* Duong (Tran Quoc) <duongtq@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 14.0 to 16.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-simahawk| image:: https://github.com/simahawk.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/simahawk
    :alt: simahawk

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-simahawk| 

This module is part of the `OCA/edi-framework <https://github.com/OCA/edi-framework/tree/16.0/edi_sale_oca>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
